In those days I do not live in the dry square.
There was a lot of the rooster renato leandro né
the training staff then always arrived
A little earlier, I trained for the
morning and waited for shortcut to
to see the training of
professional he got there the album
titled the juniors and champion is
given one of the biggest teams in flamengo
close the generation the sensational attraction is
The rogério is very good showing you
Our coach is the ernesto ball one
great coach talked a lot to the
also because in our
group was complicated to 6 from the penalty for
djalma I made marcelinho marquinhos
pia student exam antônio mello o
columnist still had the bujica had
but the cnec galera galera was not
adriano goalkeeper nor ai carlos mário
shut up it's not me it's awesome neither
the names
maybe one or the other is not like this
practically everybody burst in football
huh
practically all had the
A little more career we will take the
football will not be as soon as Carlos
better and ii and died there not
have had any career has other
clubs that not only to me I remember
I talked a lot with ernesto paulo
in this country was in my time of
Juniors also the Botafogo Fluminense and
Rio and we hit it too chat
always speak very well of the generation of
Flemish he spoke that the generation that
had everything to replace our
to arrive
logical that some still had a
stay
so for example people like zinho
I love you, Ailton.
Carlos
the unit will no longer be needed then
powder
in Camboriu in this is beautiful nesting
Guys, everyone's coming. It's going to fit.
beautiful and I think the Flemish gave him
I did not even think I did.
around small problems that
between one player and another and
and then suddenly how is it that
world appeared more out of the
best for the Flemish
the staff was champion in 92 of champion
Brazilian
and then began to fall apart